Changes for Issue #155 (#163)
JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl: docs/src/contributing/guidelines.md

hesitate to ask questions in our [gitter channel](https://gitter.im/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl)
if you are not familiar with the Git workflow. We are looking forward
to your contributions.

## I'm new to open-source. How do I start contributing?

> Contributing to an open-source project for the very first time can be a very daunting task. Don't worry, we were all there at some point as well! To make the process easier and more github-beginner-friendly, our friends over at Invenia have written an article about how to start contributing to open-source and overcome the Mental and Technical barriers that come associated with it : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to an open-source project for the very first time can be a very daunting task.
To make the process easier and more github-beginner-friendly, the community has written
an article about how to start contributing to open-source and overcome the mental and
technical barriers that come associated with it : 
```

https://invenia.github.io/blog/2021/01/29/contribute-open-source

> The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution in detail.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution using
the GitHub pull request workflow:

https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions
```

Author: Thank you for the review! I have enabled "Allow edits from maintainers", please do let me know if it doesn't reflect that!

Committing suggested changes.

hesitate to ask questions in our [gitter channel](https://gitter.im/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl)
if you are not familiar with the Git workflow. We are looking forward
to your contributions.

## I'm new to open-source. How do I start contributing?

Contributing to an open-source project for the very first time can be a very daunting task.
To make the process easier and more GitHub-beginner-friendly, the community has written
an article about how to start contributing to open-source and overcome the mental and

> technical barriers that come associated with it : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
technical barriers that come associated with it: 
```

https://invenia.github.io/blog/2021/01/29/contribute-open-source

> The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution in detail:

https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions
```

hesitate to ask questions in our [gitter channel](https://gitter.im/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl)
if you are not familiar with the Git workflow. We are looking forward
to your contributions.

## I'm new to open-source. How do I start contributing?

Contributing to an open-source project for the very first time can be a very daunting task.

> To make the process easier and more github-beginner-friendly, the community has written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the process easier and more GitHub-beginner-friendly, the community has written
```

hesitate to ask questions in our [gitter channel](https://gitter.im/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl)
if you are not familiar with the Git workflow. We are looking forward
to your contributions.

## I'm new to open-source. How do I start contributing?

Contributing to an open-source project for the very first time can be a very daunting task.
To make the process easier and more GitHub-beginner-friendly, the community has written
an article about how to start contributing to open-source and overcome the mental and
technical barriers that come associated with it: 

https://invenia.github.io/blog/2021/01/29/contribute-open-source

> The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution in detail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The article will also take you through the steps required to make your first contribution
in detail:
```
